[Music]
hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be showing you an updated school morning
routine so I usually get up at around 6
in the morning and then the first thing
I will do is just do some gentle
stretches and I do these arm exercises
which are supposed to strengthen your
arms and then I will go straight to the
bathroom and I will open up the shutters
and then I decided to put on my bed
jacket because it was really cold
so then I brush my teeth and I am using
this new toothbrush which is from the
complete liable and it has three
different settings so you can clean
whiten and for massage your gums as
someone who loves dental hygiene I'm
really enjoying this toothbrush soup and
at the same time especial my teeth of
course I was reading and at the moment I
am reading why be happy when you can be
normal which is flying at Winterson feel
so right oranges on at the end fruit so
then I decided to fill up my jug which
is from the wash basin that I keep in my
bedroom and using this I just washed my
face
[Music]
and then I got changed into the clothes
that I'd be wearing for school and I'm
just wearing a normal skirt and shirt
today and then I went and opened up my
curtains and as you can see it was
starting to get light by this time and
as I do really every morning regardless
of the time of year I opened up my
window and I just like to let in some
fresh air so then next I go and make my
bed and since I have an echo dot I will
also listen to my flash news briefing at
the same time and this morning I also
sorted through the soft toys that I kept
on my bed because I had quite a few
behind my pillows and I didn't really
want all of them anymore
[Music]
that's all from your flash briefing
this is another thing that I Wilson -
every morning and it basically provides
a religious thought of the day and there
are only about two to four minutes and
then I went and put on my tie and also
this really lovely v-neck jumper and
then I brushed out my hair and I just
took one single piece of hair and I
plaited this so I could feed it into my
ponytail this is my favorite way to wear
my head to school because it keeps my
hair off my face and I think it looks
very smart and the next I decided to
call my fringe this just makes it look a
lot neater then next I went downstairs
and I made myself some porridge for
breakfast and I just put in some coconut
flakes because I really love the way
that it makes the porridge cake and then
I went to the cupboard to go get some
tea and also a mug and a tea that I'm
using today was actually sent to me by
the match reserve which is my favorite
tea company this is one of their new
superfood teas and it gives you two
loads of energy and actually having used
it for the last few days I have found
that I've had a lot more energy in the
mornings I would honestly recommend this
it's called the I'm so excited tea and
then I just top it up with some cold
water and I love this mug as well it
looks like a toadstool so then I just
chopped up some banana and put on some
almond butter as well into my porridge
and at the same time as reading
breakfast as you know I do every morning
I read and again I am reading the
Jeanette Winterson book
so then I scoop my leftovers into this
bowl to give to the chickens and then I
wash up my plate and my bowl and also
the pot that I made the porridge in then
after that I decide to go up to my room
to do some homework this is something
that I've actually only recently started
doing I didn't used to revise in the
mornings before school but from around
6:45 / 7 I will do some work and I start
off by doing some chemistry work so at
the moment I am doing a chemistry
Quizlet and I also decided to light a
candle and drink some of my amazing tea
so most mornings I will do one or two
pages of chemistry questions but this
morning I knew that I needed to make
this Quizlet so I decided it would be
the most productive use of my time and
this took me about half an hour
[Music]
then after that I did a timed English
essay paragraph which is again something
that I do every morning I just like to
be able to keep into the essay writing
mode so that it's easier to write them
when I go into exams and I'm used to the
structure so I put on a timer for six
minutes but I ended up overstepping this
quite a lot I think I ended up writing
these essay paragraphs for about 15
minutes but my camera did run out of
charge halfway through so you only see
me doing ten minutes then after that I
decided to go outside I like to go
outside at least a little bit every
morning because it's good to get some
fresh air and I put on my favorite coat
which I actually wore in my last morning
routine and as you can see we have had
some snow recently which is so beautiful
I think everyone just loves the way that
snow looks so then when I go back inside
I put on some lip scrub and then also
this sugar rose lip balm from fresh and
this eye cream from fresh again
then I went and read my daily quoted the
day from my 365 days of wonder book for
kindness Pigasus the kindness of amor
which is Sophocles stem I do my
last-minute
Tidy of my bedroom and I go and choose a
magazine to bring to school because I
like to bring one to school every
morning and then I will get ready for
school so just put on my blazer and also
my prefect gown which you'll know about
if you've watched mine and Jade's video
on head girls and then I'm off to school
so thank you so much for watching this
video I hope that you enjoyed and have a
productive week